Custom neural network

Given that the total image set was 60000*28*28, i chose to flatten the 28*28 to get a 60000*784 data set. This makes the image set more easily represented by the matrix.


- started off by defining the sigmoid and sigmoid derivative functions, then began building the neural network
I changed a bit of forward function first, which was used to feedforward the output.
I then implemented the backward propagation, which was done while following the lecture slides. The error here is Mean Squared Error. After finding the layer 1 and layer 2 delta, i adjusted the weights accordingly, with a learning rate of 0.1

Training of the network was done in a mini-batch size of 128, and had 20 iterations. The mini-batches were obtained through the batchGenerator function. aftering obtaining the xValues and yValues in each mini-batch, I obtained the output of each layer through the forward pass. Then ran the results back into the backpropagation function to further adjust the weights. 

The entire process was repeated until there were no more data left.
Using my custom neural network, i was able to get consistent results of 93-94% accuracy using a hidden layer with 30 neurons,epoch = 20 and batch size = 128.

For the Extra credit, I was able to make the network 3 layer, by adding in one more weight and reworking the backward and forward process.

I was able to implement a second activation function (ReLU) but it was underwhelming, and i might have implemented it incorrectly somewhere. 

TF neural network
batch-size = 128, epochs = 10, dropout = 0.2 accuracy around 98%
I used the keras library in building the model of the neural network. I adopted the AdamOptimizer from Tensorflow as my optimizer. The loss type was crossentropy. I had 2 hidden layers with 512 neurons each, and the activation for both layers were relu. The output layer had a softmax activation function.

Iris dataset
- managed to download the IRIS dataset from sklearn, and the results were better when no mini-batch was used. (i.e., minibatch size of 1)